Group 2:
    Juan Carlos Hidalgo
    Anghelo Leonardo Zambrana Quinteros
    Gaston Gutierrez Condori
    Hugo Andres Oropeza Villalpando

1. User Data: (Person)
    Name: Complete name, only 1 name and 1 lastname
    IC(Identity Card Number): 8 digits
    Phone Number: With country prefix and 8 dígits
    Age (in years): 18 <= age <=100
    Height (in meters): 1,10 m <= height <= 2,10 m
    Civil Status (Single, Married, Divorced, Widowed)
    Number of couples:(>= 0)
Example: Paco Perez, 75253041, +552 57976777, 34, 1,65 m, Divorced, 5

2. Item Data: (Melee and throwable weapons)
    Name: 2 words maximum
    Material: 1 word
    Range (Large, Median o Short)
    Damage points (over 100)
    have handle(Boolean): it means that has a place to hold the weapon
    is throwable (Boolean): it means that in the middle of a fight it is profitable or not to throw it
    is sharp (Boolean): It means that cuts the skin easily when using it
Example: Knife, Iron, Short, 20/100, True, True, True

                    Loading Type
            We will receive our data from .csv files

3. Recommendation;
Given a user X, return the top 5 similar users based on their information.
    Age, Civil Status and Number of Couples
Generate recommendations for a user based on their preferences or similarity with other users or the items acquired/consumed by the user.
    We will use the Similarity option because we do not relate Users and Items by the Age, Height and Civil Status

4 About the implementation
1. Use the pre-processing and tokenization that already exists in the library and make sure to implement new ones. (Use at least two that already exist and two new ones.)
    As the new tokenization we will implement the Edit Distance algorithm and the Long Common Sequence.
    As the new preprocessing we will implement one for boolean and the Enums of the new Item and User attributes.
2. Implement one of the matching algorithms you mentioned in the previous task.(Compare the algorithm implemented with the one already in the library.)
a) Compare score and time complexity.



